all right I want to show you all my
husband's Gundam collection all of them
are perfect grades so I believe that's
one is 260 scale so he didn't do any any
customization so far but they look great
so these are all of his condoms and then
let me identify if I know them all I
believe this one is strike here not good
at it um this is da blow I believe of
course the famous one gundam wing
because of its wings let's go here on
the other side um this one is a stray
gundam astray he bought this from Japan
Akihabara
I believe from sofmap yeah because when
he went to your Dabashi it's one of our
favourite shops in actually it's our
most favorite shop in Akihabara it's
Yodobashi Camera you're the Boshy
lots of electronics in it and they have
lots of toys as well and then we saw a
stray there but fortunately we found it
cheaper in sofmap so we bought it from
there and then this one here is mark -
if I'm not mistaken he have a blue
version of this which he's doing a
costume eyeshades oh sorry
customization so far and I think he's
calling it a Kuchiki sorry guys I'm not
that I'm not that familiar with some of
the candle terms no this one here is the
strike the pink one I think a lady is
driving this one
that one there is strike freedom I hope
I'm right
instead to those to those Gundam fans
just bear with me and I'm sorry and
that's the original one from hombre RX
75 I think yeah yeah that's it
oh and this one this one is oh I've got
this is the jet version but it can turn
into that one
whoa I forgot his name actually Zeta
Gundam dead
I hope I'm right so yeah from this side
these are his condoms and let's go to
the other one
let me have a clear view for you sorry
for the display it's just a random one
because he didn't have a proper display
for it and then he have here Oh
wait yep
these are his custom set and he bought
this some of this I think also from
Japan and yeah he have the stocks here
perfect great as well he's not buying
any grades only perfect grades this one
is the red circle and the Greens album
the red ones was but also from Akihabara
and oh yeah that's it that's I think is
the last Gundam collection my husband
okay so yeah
I hope you enjoy guys and just leave any
comment if I have wrong identification
sorry for that bye